# random-scripts

This is a random collection of powershell scripts I felt like sharing. All of the projects I post are just things I
played around with to learn and are by no means perfect :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes:. I made these just for fun and to improve my skills. Hopefully
you find these examples useful for your projects.

#
## kubeadm-node-setup.sh

This script is designed to automate the node setup for kuberenetes on a freshly flashed raspberry pi 4 with Raspberry Pi OS (64).   
It installs kubeadm, kubectl, kubelet, containerd, runc and cni plugin along with some other tools I like to use.   

Not all of the commands dynamically pull the latest images at the moment. I will probably update that in the future (if I have time).    

Must be run as root (sudo -i). Most commands would work with sudo but some require you to be root so I just run the script as root.   
After script runs you will have to run the following manually.   
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade   
kubeadm init   OR   kubeadm join   with the token generated by your controlplane node   

Be sure to look the script over and change it to meet your needs.

#
## simpleArchive.ps1

This is a general purpose script that moves files from a SourcePath to a DestinationPath, 
deletes old files and empty folders from DestinationPath. Does not remove empty folders from source 
as this might break other programs that expect that folder to be there. I realize you can do this 
using robocopy but thought it would be fun to write something myself. I've been using this to create 
a backup of game save states that do not get backed up to the cloud for a number of years.


- **SourcePath**: *Folder Path where the files are stored*
- **DestinationPath**: *Folder Path where the files should be moved to*
- **FileAge**: *How old a file should be in days before being moved*
- **DeleteAge**: *How old a file should be in days before being deleted*
- **ScriptRunTime**: *How long this script should run before exiting*
- **NumberToMove**: *How many files should be moved before exiting*
